plugins/module_utils/firewalld.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/firewalld.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/ismount.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/ismount.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/redhat.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/redhat.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/modules/acl.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/assemble.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/synchronize.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/synchronize.py use-argspec-type-path
plugins/modules/synchronize.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/synchronize.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/synchronize.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/synchronize.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/synchronize.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/unarchive.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/unarchive.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/nmcli.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/nmcli.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/say.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/apk.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/apk.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/apk.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/apk.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/flatpak.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/flatpak.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-popen
plugins/modules/flatpak_remote.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/flatpak_remote.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-popen
plugins/modules/homebrew.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/homebrew.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/homebrew.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/homebrew.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/homebrew.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/homebrew_cask.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/homebrew_cask.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/homebrew_cask.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/homebrew_cask.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/homebrew_tap.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/homebrew_tap.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/homebrew_tap.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/installp.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/layman.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/layman.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/macports.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/macports.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/macports.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/openbsd_pkg.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/openbsd_pkg.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/openbsd_pkg.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/opkg.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/opkg.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/opkg.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/opkg.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/opkg.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/pacman.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/pacman.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/pacman.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/pkg5.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/pkg5.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/pkg5.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/pkg5_publisher.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/pkg5_publisher.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/pkg5_publisher.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/pkgin.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/pkgin.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/pkgin.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/pkgin.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/pkgng.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/pkgng.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/pkgng.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/pkgng.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/pkgutil.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/portage.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/portage.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/portage.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/portinstall.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/portinstall.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/pulp_repo.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/pulp_repo.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/pulp_repo.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/pulp_repo.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/redhat_subscription.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/redhat_subscription.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/redhat_subscription.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/redhat_subscription.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/rhn_channel.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/rhn_channel.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/rhn_channel.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/rhn_register.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/rhsm_release.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/rhsm_repository.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/rhsm_repository.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/rhsm_repository.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/rhsm_repository.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/rhsm_repository.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/slackpkg.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/slackpkg.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/slackpkg.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/slackpkg.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/slackpkg.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/slackpkg.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/slackpkg.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/snap.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/snap.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/sorcery.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/sorcery.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/sorcery.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/svr4pkg.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/swdepot.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/swdepot.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/swupd.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/urpmi.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/urpmi.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/urpmi.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/urpmi.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/urpmi.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/urpmi.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/xbps.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/xbps.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/xbps.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/xbps.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/xbps.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/xbps.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/zypper.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/zypper.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/zypper.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/zypper.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/zypper_repository.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/zypper_repository.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/aix_devices.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/aix_filesystem.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/aix_filesystem.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/aix_inittab.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/aix_lvg.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/aix_lvol.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/alternatives.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/at.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/authorized_key.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cronvar.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/filesystem.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/filesystem.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/gconftool2.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/gconftool2.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/gconftool2.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/lbu.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/locale_gen.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/lvg.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/lvg.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/lvol.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/lvol.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/lvol.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/modprobe.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/openwrt_init.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/openwrt_init.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/osx_defaults.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/osx_defaults.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/pam_limits.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/runit.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/runit.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/runit.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/seboolean.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/selinux.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/selinux.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/seport.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/solaris_zone.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/sysctl.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/sysctl.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
tests/unit/mock/path.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/mock/path.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/mock/yaml_helper.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/mock/yaml_helper.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/net_tools/test_nmcli.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/net_tools/test_nmcli.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/conftest.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/conftest.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/test_apk.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/test_apk.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/test_rhn_channel.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/test_rhn_channel.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/test_rhn_register.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/packaging/os/test_rhn_register.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/system/test_ufw.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/system/test_ufw.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/utils.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/utils.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/plugins/action/test_synchronize.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/plugins/action/test_synchronize.py metaclass-boilerplate